just realize that with this straight and
fitting this is not going to bolt up the
I was set up it's just not possible it
hits right here and the holes don't here
line up
all right well I fix my problem I ended
up getting a minor degree instead of the
straight and fitting so now I have total
of two 90-degree end fittings and
hopefully this time it'll work
you
I will now that the
is installed and functional check you
don't have any fuel leaks maybe did a
boost li test see there's no air leaks
or whatever from the vacuum line or the
adjustment screw you want to adjust the
fuel pressure regulator now to do it
you want to bring start your car and
bring the operating temperature to a you
know level so you your car is pretty
much warmed up after you do that you
pull off your vacuum line pull it off
you cap it well in your hand or whatever
and you loosen up your lock nut and
adjust the adjustment screw to set it at
43 psi which is the 2g stock field
pressure you turn clockwise to raise the
fuel pressure and you turn it
counterclockwise to lower the fuel
pressure once you have it at 43 marked
and the gauge you put your vacuum line
back on and you tighten up your lock nut
we I advise that you put a zip tie on
there because with boost pressures they
may pop off I was told by a fellow
youtuber and dsm earth at its advice
that you add some teflon tape to the
adjustment screw year I believe in
screen M is ready for action on on
YouTube and because for turbo
applications obviously this F prc's
boost so you may have a boost leak
through this adjustment screw and
obviously you travel on tape at the
nipple and at the gauge itself once you
have this all set your car should run
pretty much like how I ran before you
had a stacking pressure regulator which
is some assuming
efficient and I did notice that when I
installed the air fuel pressure
regulator the startups from cold or warm
take a few seconds longer when I had to
stock a fuel pressure regulator it
started within a second now with this
it's got a crank five six times four it
starts i was the reading and it says
that it happens because the fuel
pressure area later bleeds off the fuel
to fast so it's pretty much everytime
you go start it your pump has to fill up
the system with fuel if I caught that
correctly but apparently many have had
that problem and I guess that's just one
more thing you have to take without
having a modified car other than that
you should be all set